Python math-module math.copysign() (#5044)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/math-module/terms/math-copysign/math-copysign.md

---
Title: 'math.copysign()'
Description: 'Takes two numeric data types and returns the value of the first data type with the sign of the second data type.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Arithmetic'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'

> ---

Reviewer: Modifications: 
1. Description should start with a verb
2. Tags should be arranged in an alphabetical manner

> Takes two numeric data types and returns the value of the first data type with the sign of the second data type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `math.copysign()` function in Python takes two numeric values and returns a float with the magnitude of the first value and the sign of the second value.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
math.copysign(x, y)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `x`: A numeric value (int or float) whose magnitude is used in the result.
- `y`: A numeric value (int or float) whose sign is used in the result.
```

Reviewer: parameters to be described. You can change these, these are just for your reference

> The value that is returned by **`math.copysign()`** will have the value of `x` and the sign (+ or -) of `y`. This value will be a float.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: We can avoid this since the description already covers this

## Example

> Use `math.copysign()` to return `10` with the same sign as `-5`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, `math.copysign()` is used to return *10* with the same sign as *-5*:
```
